It is a school day.
Children, Doctor Hamster
has come to talk to us today.
Hello everyone！
Hello Doctor Hamster！
Doctor Hamster is a vet.
Who knows what a vet does?
…That helps sick pets get better.
That's right.
And I brought some
of my pets to show you.Woo.
This is Binky, the buchy.
Hello Binky.Woo.
Can I stroke Binky?
Yes, very gently.
He feels fluffy.
So there is feathers.
They help him to fly.
Flying is helping Binky get his exercise.
Can you tell me what else
Binky needs to stay fit and healthy?
He needs to eat.Yes.
He needs to drink.That's right.
He needs to breathe a bit.Very good.
He needs to sleep.Excellent.
Wo. Sorry, Madame Gazelle, I overslept.
Oh, Pedro, you do like sleeping.
Yes, Madame Gazelle.
I have got a pet here who loves sleeping.
It's a tortoise.
It's Tiddles, the tortoise.
Hello Tiddles!
Tiddles has slept
all through the winter.Woo.
Why has he got
that shell thing on his back?
That shell is his house.
It's very high if he gets hurt.
Would you like to stroke him?
Yes, please. Don't be scared Tiddles.
How old is he?
Tiddles is 33.
That's as old as my mom.
But tortoises can live for a hundred years.
That's as old as my grandpa.
Why is he so slow?
He has to carry his house on his back.
Ah, Doctor Hamster,
I think Tiddles is escaping.
He can't go far.
Because he is so slow.
I have got some one
else to show you here.Dinosaur!
Oh! George! You always say dinosaur!
Oh! It is a dinosaur!Woo.
She is not a dinosaur, this is Lulu, the lizard.
Hello Lulu!
She is scaly, like a dragon.
Can she breathe fire?
No, but she has a very long tongue.Wow.
Does she sleep
through the winter, like Tiddles?
No. Oh! Where is Tiddles?Tiddles!
Oh, dear! Tiddles the tortoise has run away!
Don't worry Doctor
Hamster, we'll find where it is.
Is he in the music room?
Tiddles is not in the music room.
Is he in the play house?
Tiddles is not in the play house.
Is he hiding by the coats?
Tiddles is not hiding by the coats.
I can smell Tiddles. This way.
Freddy fox has a very good sense of smell.
There is Tiddles!
Tiddles is up a tree!
Oh, I better call for help!
This is Mrs. Rabbit's fire station
Ah! Fire, fire! Fire station, where is the fire?
MyTiddles is over a tree.
What? Again?
Emergency, emergency….
Tortoise's up a tree!
I don't know why
you like climbing tree so much?
You're a tortoise!
Stand back!
Tiddles, come on Tiddles.Hurray!
Thank you, Mr. Rabbit!
Just doing my job.
And my job is looking after pets.
Where are Binky and Lulu?
Oh, I don't know!
Ah hoo, here they are, safe and sound.